docs: update jwt acl modules (#1424)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/advanced/acl-jwt.md

::: warning
1. Using long-living JWTs is not considered secure.

> 2. When ACL cache is enabled, the ACL rule's expiration is either when the cache or JWT expires, whichever comes the last.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When ACL cache is enabled, the ACL rule's expiration is either when the cache or JWT expires, whichever is the later.
```
?
